[terra-paginator] Update Terra Doc Site (#3910)
cerner/terra-core: packages/terra-core-docs/src/terra-dev-site/doc/paginator/AccessibilityGuide.6.doc.mdx

</Notice>

When a visible text header exists on the page, the `ariaLabelledBy` can be set with using the header id and will be used with the aria-describedby to provide additional context to assistive technology users.

##### Code Example:

This example shows how to set up the [optional], but preferred, `ariaLabelledBy` prop to programmatically associate a visible heading on the page with the paginator to create an accessible paginator name:

<ControlledPaginatorExample />

The `ariaLabel` prop can be used to create a non-visible, but programmatically available accessible name for the paginator and will be used with the aria-describedby to provide additional context to assistive technology users.

##### Code Example:

This example shows how to set up the optional `ariaLabel` prop in order to provide meaningful context for the paginator:

<ControlledPaginatorNoPagesExample />

#### Provide additional context to assistive technology users after page nagivation

> From the accessibility perspective, some additional context is required for users to understand what is happening and where they are when interacting with the paginator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From an accessibility perspective, some additional context is required for users to understand what is happening and where they are when interacting with the paginator.
```

In order to provide the additional context, a visually hidden text string is constructed and associated with the paginator container.

> This visually hidden string will be read out by the screen reader when the user navigates using the paginator links. The visually hidden string is empty so nothing is read out in the initial status.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This visually hidden string will be read out by a screen reader when the user navigates using the paginator links. The visually hidden string is empty so nothing is read out in the initial status.
```

Depending on the optional `totalCount` prop set or not, the constructed visually hidden text varies:

##### Code Example:

> Using the `totalCount` prop is best practice and should be used if at all possible. This example shows when the optional `totalCount` prop is set, the paginator would read out a string like "Page {pageNumber} selected. Page {pageNumber} of {pageNumberTotal}":

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using the `totalCount` prop is best practice and should be used whenever possible. This example shows when the optional `totalCount` prop is set, the paginator would read out a string like "Page {pageNumber} selected. Page {pageNumber} of {pageNumberTotal}":
```
